This will be the first and last roast of the night, as you've already used up your entire vocabulary.
It seems like you were probably a slippery baby, right?
Sorry, he can't think of an insult dumb enough for you to understand.
Whenever you open your mouth, it's like, "Whoa, somebody took too many drugs this morning."
He knows it looks like he's listening to you, but really he's just visualizing duct tape over your mouth.
The only way you'd get hurt from doing exercise would be if you sprained your finger changing the channel.
You're not stupid, you just have bad luck when thinking.
You have your entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?
You're not the dumbest person in the world, but you better hope they don't die.
There's somebody out there for everybody. For you, it's a psychiatrist.
He's sorry that his brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego.
Every time he has a stick in his hand, you start looking more and more like a piñata.
Stupidity isn’t a crime, so you’re free to go.
He considers you his sun. Now please get 93 million miles away from here.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Why don't you go play in traffic?
Right now, you are as useful as a soup sandwich.
Mirrors can't talk. Lucky for you, they can't laugh, either.
He's seen salads that dress better than you.
Your biscuit's not quite done in the middle.
You changed your mind? Does this one work any better?
You don't need to fear success. There is really nothing for you to worry about.
He has 90 billion nerves, and you've gotten on every single one of them.
He’d say you’re dumb as a rock, but at least a rock can hold a door open.
He's been called worse things by better men.
He didn't mean to push your buttons, he was just looking for mute.
He forgot the world revolves around you. His apologies! How silly of him.
He'd rather treat a baby's diaper rash than have lunch with you.
He would smack you, but he's against animal abuse.
He gave out all his trophies a while ago, but here's a participation award.
It's all about balance… you start talking, he stops listening.
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich.
He would call you an idiot, but it would be an insult to stupid people.
Are you at a loss for words, or did you exhaust your entire vocabulary?
Accidents happen; the proof is sitting right there.
You bring everyone so much joy… when you leave the room.
You're like a gray sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
No, that's fine. You're certainly entitled to your incorrect opinion.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
He can't wait to spend his whole life without you.
Rolling your eyes isn't going to help you find your brain.
Why do you look like an envelope with no address on it?
If he wanted to hurt himself, he would simply jump from your ego to your IQ.
Do yourself a favor and ignore anyone who tells you to be yourself. It's a bad idea in your case.
He doesn't hate you, but if you were drowning, he would give you a high five.
Everyone has a purpose in this life, and yours is to become an organ donor.
It is better to keep your mouth shut and let people think you're stupid than open it and remove all doubt.
Did you know your incubator had tinted windows? It was the only way to get your parents to take you home.
Just remember, if anyone ever tells you that you're beautiful… they're lying.
You can be anything you want. Except good-looking.
You're the reason God created amnesia.
He'd take a photo of you, but he doesn't want a virus on his phone.
You should carry a plant around with you to replace the oxygen you waste.
A glow stick has a brighter future than you. Lasts longer, too.
If you ever need to find higher ground, you can always try climbing up your own ego.
Have you ever tried not being an idiot?
You're like a cloud. When you disappear, it suddenly becomes a beautiful day.
You’re about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
If laughter really is the best medicine, your face might just cure the world's deadliest diseases.
You look like something that came out of a slow cooker.
He was thinking about you today. It reminded him to take out the trash.
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
He was going to make a joke about your life, but he sees life beat him to the punch.
Oops, his bad. He could've sworn he was dealing with an adult.
It would be a great day if you accidentally used a glue stick instead of a Chapstick.
It's the parent's job to raise their children right. So, looking at you, it's obvious that they quit after just one day.
He believes you can achieve anything. Look around; there are plenty of dumb people out there who you could aspire to be.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet.
He bets he could remove 90 percent of your good looks with a moist towelette.
You're like the human version of athlete's foot—annoying and hard to get rid of.
It must be fun to wake up each morning knowing that you are that much closer to achieving your dreams of complete and utter mediocrity.
You have the perfect face for radio.
You were so happy about testing negative for COVID… they didn't have the heart to tell you it was actually an IQ test.
Tell him something… if he didn't answer you the first time, what makes you think the next 25 attempts will work?
He is jealous of people who have never met you.
Oh, you're talking to him? He thought you only did that behind his back.
Most mistakes can be corrected. You are the exception to the rule.
It is hilarious how you are trying to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
He suggests you do a little soul-searching. You might actually find one.
He knows he makes a lot of stupid choices, but hanging out with you was the worst one of all.
They were going to roast you, but apparently, burning trash is an environmental hazard.
Where is your off button?
He knows you don't like him, and that implies you need better taste.
He'd give you a nasty look, but it seems like you've already got one.
The jerk store called, and they're running out of you.
Your birth certificate should be rewritten as a letter of apology.
You haven't changed since the last time he saw you. You really should.
Your bad personality is the reason he prefers animals to humans.
You hear that? It's the sound of him not caring.
He might be fully vaccinated, but he's still not going to hang out with you.
You're so annoying, you could make a Happy Meal cry.
Oh, sorry, did the middle of his sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
You know, you're just not pretty enough to have such an ugly personality.
You're about as sharp as a rubber ball.
You just might be why the middle finger was invented in the first place.
You have a face that makes onions cry.
Have a nice day… somewhere else.
You do realize we're just tolerating you, right?
Were you born this stupid, or did you take lessons?
It's really fun watching you try to understand everything that's being said about you.
He doesn’t have the patience or the crayons to explain this to you.
You are even more useless than the 'ueue' in queue.
The real heroes in this world are the ones who have to live with you.
Somewhere out there, a tree is producing oxygen for you. What a shame.
Everyone is allowed to act stupid once in a while, but you're really abusing the privilege.
He was today years old when he realized he didn't like you.
He's not a nerd; he's just smarter than you.
If he had a dollar every time you shut up, he would give it back as a thank you.
He didn't mean to offend you… but he'll take it as an additional perk.
He doesn't want to rain on your parade. He wants to summon a typhoon.
You can't imagine how much happiness you can bring… by leaving the room.
You're the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo bottles.
How many licks 'till he gets to the interesting part of this conversation?
Are you doing OK today? You look like the guy in the zombie movie who's been bitten but is trying to keep it quiet.
When he looks at you, he wishes he could meet you again for the first time… and walk past.
He's listening. He just needs a minute to process so much stupid information at once.
You're like a software update. Every time he sees you, he immediately thinks 'not now.'
Don't worry… the first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.
It's impossible to underestimate you.
If he throws a stick, will you chase it? He really wants out of this conversation.
You're the reason gene pools need lifeguards.
He doesn't know what makes you so stupid, but it's really doing the job.
The truth will set you free. You're the worst. OK, you're free to go.
Do you think your parents realize that they're living proof that two wrongs don't make a right?
Give him a minute; he's trying to think of an insult simple enough for you to understand!
Congratulations on being the top of the bell curve.
He's heard a smarter statement come out in a fart.
He looks at you and thinks… two billion years of evolution for this?
He told his therapist about you. She didn't believe him.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's a job for your parents.
When he listens to you, he thinks you really are going to go far. He hopes you stay there.
Whoever told you to be yourself gave you bad advice.
He thinks you just need a high five… in the face… with a chair.
When he looks at you, he thinks to himself where have you been his whole life? And can you go back there?
Light travels faster than sound. It explains why you seemed smart… until he finally heard you speak.
Your secrets are always safe with him. He doesn't even listen when you share them.
When God made you, you must have been on the bottom of his "to-do" list.
Everyone brings happiness to a room. He brings happiness when he walks in, and you bring happiness when you leave.
He wants to help you out. Which way did you come in?
Sweetheart, the only thing bothering him is that thing between your ears.
They were happily married for one month. Unfortunately, they've been married for 10 years.
Everybody knows that you're stupid… thought you could fall in love because you saw a fake Cupid.
He's not trying to make fun of you, but you can't even count higher than number two.
Roses are red, violets are blue, so many people are pretty, but what happened to you?
It's not his fault that everyone's opinion is that he's pretty cool and you're just a minion.
Poof be gone, your breath is too strong, he doesn't want to be mean, but you need Listerine.
Don't feel bad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
If he were a dog and you were a flower, he'd lift his leg up and give you a shower.
Roses are red, monsters are green, look in the mirror, you'll see what he means.
He's the type of person to laugh at mistakes, so sorry if he laughs at your face.
